啪啪啪啪啪喔
How have you been??
First place of the YOUTUBE game channel
Come to bring you another game
Long live
Now hurry up and click on the subscribe button.
If you like this video and you haven't subscribed yet
Today, we are going to play a very weird, crazy game.
If you like it, be sure to click on the subscribe button.
Click on it d(d'∀')
Click on the subscribe button.
Be sure to smash that subscription button.
喔~~~~~~~~~
This game is crazy.
He is called "Baldi's Basics" version
Basic knowledge of Baldi
Full of education and learning
This is my 喔喔喔~~
Amount ~~~
The picture looks very bad
Sorry, it is 2018. What is this ghost?
Mouse sensitivity?
No kidding, I am very professional
So, I have to adjust it to the highest. Let's start this game directly
can not wait anymore
If you like this movie, be sure to smash that subscription button
God
Look at the guy.
You need to find two notebooks before you can open them.
Can you not look at me or do anything to me? It would be great.
Thank you
Hey, look, it’s a notebook.
Wow, this game is easier than it looks.
Next is everyone
Favorite subject, mathematics
Answer the following three questions
If correct, you might get it..
Some special
Something special?
Fill in the correct answer with a space
*CYKA BLYAT*
Damn
OK, it does not matter
"I can hear every door you open" ಠ_ಠ
it is good
Wow! my God
In the end what happened?
what are you doing there?
Ok
I will get the notebook
God.
Oh~ Great, look at it.
* Drop keyboard*
Did I make this game broken? What happened?
喔* Beating sound*
Ok
Why is there a sound of tapping?
Not allowed to run in the corridor
SH * T
Oh, my god
You left me,
When did you understand?
Oh
"When do you know when?"
(treble) When do you know when?
What is this game?
Ok, two seconds.
Why do everyone make a chicken* face? Seriously..?
what?
What is that...even though her eyesight is not good...喔
Aya Aaa, hahaha
This is great
Ok
Amount, what is that?
what is this?
I got a coin!
Ok, this is usually a good thing.
Ok. We are at school
It's like an ordinary school game
Hey, we got a piece of chocolate now.
Wow! What a great game. What a great game, everyone.
(???)
Oh no
No
Damn
God
*You left me *
*You should be very clear*
I am certain
He is right
Ok, we haven't been spanked yet. So, I think we will be fine.
I am a little scared
Some things... some things in this game are not quite right
What is this?
Ok, I think we just need to find more notebooks.
Ok..
I just want to...
I just have to answer them all.
Who is angry? And why is it angry?
I am that angry.
I am the one that should be angry (゚皿゚メ)
Another notebook
Does it make any sense to do these things? Oh my god
(7+6=12??)
Wait.
Cut that paragraph off
That's right.
I used to study mathematics at university.
Ok, we found the student restaurant. Cool. Can I use these things?
Ok, no.
God, it’s him.
SH * T
Do not beat me
God.
God
No!
No!!!!!
I use the same as running and running.
Damn
(Funny)
Ok, I don't think so. I don't think we will go in Tian A!!!
This is a beautiful picture. You know, I don't want to say that, but I think we are watching a game of the year.
What else do I have to do? Oh, wait, I am an idiot.
(Swedish swear words) No!!!!...
*Not allowed to run in the corridor*
I don't care about Le.
damn it. Stay in school and see. I will tell your parents.
Please don't tell my parents. What exactly is this?
A fingertip gyro. A fingertip gyro!!!!!
Let's play
it's not good
of course. This game is too sad.
Ok, I put music. Oh, God, he came, he came.
he came. Oh
Oh, oh
I am not afraid, I am not afraid of anyone. Hey, we got a car. awesome
The principal's key. Ah, very good. We may need these. Yes. We are doing very well. What is this soda? well. I am excited
Why do we have this? Ok. Ok, our fourth notebook. What we do...
Really great
How do I know that I am fine. That phone can't hurt me.
it is good. Hello, Mr. Phone. Oh, I have a message.
* Let's play it*
No, don't
Ah! You are doing numb...
Come play~ Come play again...
One day will go deep into your heart
Ok, that's great, great, great, dear. Ok, let's see how you did it.
This is a bully. Ok. I will not be close to the bully. This is for sure.
No, this is not the cleaning time, it has never been cleaned, and there is no cleaning time.
No
You can hear him close here. It’s finally mine.
Ok, cool, oh, is this the place where we were born again? Shit, oh, this is a bit bad, he is the real bad guy.
Do not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What are you doing!?
This game is very annoying.
More annoying than PewDiePie.
am I right?
I am very ridiculously focused on defeating this stupid game. I know he is a stupid guy.
I know this is a bit stupid for me. He is very good. It's ok
(cleaning time)
Oh, Tiana.
Do not sweep. I don't want to sweep
(GOTTA SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP0)
God, what is that? I know this. So we still have to continue
(GOTTA SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP)
what the hell!
Oh oh oh
Come on! There are only two left!
come on!
Oh, Tian, ​​he is super fast now.
I am doing very well, I know where the last one is. Why can't I hear him here? God
Oh~~
I am really scared. This is the room with the big broom!
Let's play, no, no.
1!
2!
3!
Come on, I am only one.
Give me away. I know where it is. I know where it is. I know where it is.
I know where it is. I know where it is.
It's somewhere here. It's somewhere here. No, no, here. right here. right here
There
come on! you......
Dry Ah!
come on! !
Aaaa
3, the amount of .. 15!
Shop it! Auntie!
Oh!
Yeah! Thank you! (Congratulations! You found all seven notebooks!)
(What you need to do now is...) What is it talking about? !
Do you! You! Yes! Fast! Roll!
what should I do? !
I did it
Ladies and gentlemen, I did it, right here. Ladies and gentlemen, we did it, everyone.
This is absolutely an illusion, I have nothing to do!
no no. No, no, no, no, no (no), no (no)
We definitely don't give up easily, Tian A. I don't know where the exit is.
I don't know where the exit is. Look at this crazy guy
This is ridiculous
Ah!!! Hahaha
Aaa
...I want to die
jump!
(dead crow)
Then this is the game, if you like, applaud. Click the button and remember....
(again Swedish upper body)
The younger brother translated for the first time, many do not understand, there are problems can tell me, the younger brother will be learning, then please bear with me!~~~ Remember to subscribe to pew channel唷
Subtitles by: 4 Whuat